Oh so they call me, the one shouting oh
Changbin, I choose my own path
Attitude tough, like a runway train going recklessly down the track ey
By a fierce hurricane, umbrellas flip inside-out
The faultfinder's last day, Haha serves them right
Go back woodcutter, there's nothing to cut here
There’s no way they can lower my ego, I stick to my jutdae
Horns get louder and grander, honk honk
Here they come
Villains make my blood boil and circulate throughout my body
All eyes on the gathering of the famous Thunderous ones are
Freezing cold but I know we'll burn forever
I don't care how they look at me
I'll always say what I have to say, Ptui, Ptui, Ptui
Thunderous
Thunderous (Ptui, Ptui, Ptui)
Man I’m not sorry, I’m dirty
RUMBLE SNAP CRACK Thunder (Barababam)
Riding on the clouds, tada (Barababam)
The Thunderous one appears with the wind
BANG BANG BANG BOOM
Man I’m not sorry, I’m dirty
Keep on talking, we don’t play by the rules
Yeah everybody's talking nonsense
Tired of this and that, SMH SMH
You talk too much, stop meddling
Why you mad? Why you sad? Why you ticking me off
I don’t care at all
Neener-neener, your attempt to look cool is just cute
You don’t even come close to me, this is my show
Listen (What’s up?)
Jealous (Guess they are)
Push everything aside and throw it away
Here they come
Villains make my blood boil and circulate throughout my body
All eyes on the gathering of the famous Thunderous ones are
Freezing cold but I know we'll burn forever
I don't care how they look at me
I'll always say what I have to say, Ptui, Ptui, Ptui
Hahaha
Thunderous
Thunderous (Ptui, Ptui, Ptui)
Man I’m not sorry, I’m dirty
The Thunderous ones have arrived (huh)
The Thunderous ones have arrived (Get out of the way)
They don't come everyday
The Thunderous ones have arrived
I was born crooked, my voice can go against a hundred
If I don’t like something, I'll talk back until I'm satisfied
Final warning, immediately back up
Spit it out
Act tough
Back off
I'll always say what I have to say, Ptui Ptui Ptui
Thunderous
Man I’m not sorry, I’m dirty
RUMBLE SNAP CRACK Thunder (Barababam)
Riding on the clouds, tada (Barababam)
The Thunderous one appears with the wind
BANG BANG BANG BOOM
Man I’m not sorry, I’m dirty
Keep on talking, we don’t play by the rules